Ann Arbor Duck Graffiti
Published on April 14, 2009.
It’s been a while since I noticed this but I hadn’t written a blog post about it yet.
All around Ann Arbor, you can find a distinctly unique signature of “Duck” written on stuff.
From mailboxes to walls to whatever.
I think I first noticed it on a paper towel dispenser at BTB Cantina.
I thought it was some kind of trap where once I read it, I had a second to actually “duck” or be hit on the head by a log or something… That obviously wasn’t the case (I didn’t duck).
Does anyone know what the deal is?
Is Duck a gang?
Can I join?
Do I want to join?
Is Duck involved in illegal activities?
Does Duck fight crime?
I wanna know.